v0.20.0 (#584)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## [0.20.0] - 2020-08-03

Reviewer: Could you also add the link to the changelog from this version to the previous one at the end of this file please ?

Author: Of course, my bad!

### Fixed

> - MongoQuery: generate a join step with column names containing any character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mongo translator: generate a join step with column names containing any character
```

- Initial version, showtime!

> [0.20.0]: https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/compare/v0.19.2...v0.20.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[0.20.0]: https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/compare/v0.19.3...v0.20.0
```

Author: Ah mais je suis à l'ouest ou quoi --', merci <3
